- [Instructor] Now let's see the demo for concurrency
by using the JTA Transaction API.
Now, let's understand this,
that I am going to simulate a scenario here.
I have only one database schema, which is test.
So, I am going to create a scenario where I establish
two different data sources pointing
to that same database, test.
And that we will see that whenever you perform
transactions on multiple data sources,
is the transaction management okay
during concurrency programming.
So, we have a set of two tables:
bank_account_transaction and bank_account_transaction_log.
And they're dependent tables,
so if you have an entry in bank_account_transaction,
only then will you ever have an entry
in bank_account_transaction_log.
So, the transaction ID is a foreign key in the second table
which is, of course, the primary key of the first one.
Do not worry about the table schema
because the database script is
already provided to you in the exercise folders.
So, you can just run them on
and have them at your database.
Now, we have to create two different
data source object resources on the GlassFish Server
through the IDE and admin console.
So, what we'll do is, let's go back to the IDE.
And on this project, you can right click and say New
and select the option of GlassFish.
Now, under the GlassFish option you have these many options.
So, I'm going to set up a connection pool.
If you remember one of our previous demos
that we did when we were trying
to read all the users and save them to a file,
we did a lot of database interactions.
And so many database connection objects were created.
So I actually plugged in a third-party
connection pooling library, C3PO.
But that was an extended party.
What I am going do here is, I'll create the connection pool
inside the application server itself,
and then we will draw two data sources out of that pool.
Okay?
So, let's get started.
We'll click on Next.
Let's give it a name.
We'll maybe say testingPool.
And now I'm not going to extract
from the existing connection,
I'm going to configure my database schema.
Now, for this you will, of course,
require the database configuration.
So I'll have to select the MySQL server,
which is right there at the bottom.
And most importantly, as we said Global Transactions,
so it will require the XA resource.
This is very critical.
Say Next, and now, you're able to provide
the data source class name.
Now we, of course, know that we need an XA resource
in order to do these kind of transactions.
Now, the exact XA resource that's available
in the MySQL connector driver jar file,
the name for it is, MysqlXADataSource.
So I'm just going to change that here quickly.
That's the one.
Then, let's come down and provide
the necessary parameters of the database.
So, one, I need the JDBC URL.
Let's go ahead and provide that.
That'll be localhost:3306/test.
That's my database.
And then, of course, the credentials.
Let's give the credentials as well.
Okay.
And then let's go ahead and click on Next.
Let's keep all of these configuration properties
for the connection pool as they are.
We do not want to really configure anything right now.
You may want to configure it when you actually do it
in your live projects as per your application requirements.
So let's click on Finish.
Now, the moment we do this, under the WEB-INF directory,
you have a GlassFish resources XML that'll get generated.
Let's right-click on it and copy the path of that file.
So, you have to click here and take this path.
Close this, and now, let's go to the admin console.
In the Resources tab, you have this button of Add Resources.
So, I'm going to click there
and choose this XML file path that I copied.
So, when I say Open and when I say OK,
do you see that the resource was added successfully?
So now, let's go to JDBC Resources,
and let's check the connection pool.
There you go.
You have your testing pool now
that we created a while ago from the IDE
available right there as a resource on the server.
Okay?
Now, using this connection pool,
we are going to create two data sources.
So, let's go back to JDBC and come here,
JDBC Resources, and click on New.
Let's give a name, jdbc/source1,
and I want to draw this out of the testing pool.
Say OK.
So that source is now ready for you.
Let's create one more.
Let's name it source2,
and then, testingPool again, and say OK.
So now do you see the two data sources listed
which are drawn from the testing pool
that we created for this table.
Right?
So now, basically we have this step done.
We have created two different
data source object resources on the server,
by first creating the connection pool,
and then creating the resources.
The next step in the next video.